Diary.md, before:

Diary

12/10/23

- Created front-end react app
- Created back-end Express.js directory
- The next steps will be to begin creating the Express server

13/10/23

- Initalised server and listen on port 3001
- Removed React-initialised files
- Displayed welcome message to ensure page outputs
- Created base template for Register and Login components
- Established react routing to display different components

16/10/23

- Added React states to store LoginPage details
- Added React states to store RegisterPage details
- Function to handle POST request to server created

17/10/23

- Installed passport and mongoose dependencies
- Establishing authorisation file to handle registration requests
- Created MongoDB database
- Registered details are saved to the database

18/10/23

- Added React state to store login status
- Login successfully implemented into Server
- Home page added to be re-routed to after login

19/10/23

- Canvas implemented to provide drawing capabilities
- Fixed bug preventing drawing from beginning automatically

23/10/23

- Implemented input to adjust line thickness variable
- Updated canvas line to adjust to line thickness input

25/10/23

- Added tests to ensure registration handles errors appropriately
- Improved auth.js error handling to send error messages back to client

-26/10/23

- Added tests to ensure login handle errors appropriately
- Login tests are all passed

Commit message:

Configuring package.json to run front-end tests

Diary.md, after:

Diary

12/10/23

- Created front-end react app
- Created back-end Express.js directory
- The next steps will be to begin creating the Express server

13/10/23

- Initalised server and listen on port 3001
- Removed React-initialised files
- Displayed welcome message to ensure page outputs
- Created base template for Register and Login components
- Established react routing to display different components

16/10/23

- Added React states to store LoginPage details
- Added React states to store RegisterPage details
- Function to handle POST request to server created

17/10/23

- Installed passport and mongoose dependencies
- Establishing authorisation file to handle registration requests
- Created MongoDB database
- Registered details are saved to the database

18/10/23

- Added React state to store login status
- Login successfully implemented into Server
- Home page added to be re-routed to after login

19/10/23

- Canvas implemented to provide drawing capabilities
- Fixed bug preventing drawing from beginning automatically

23/10/23

- Implemented input to adjust line thickness variable
- Updated canvas line to adjust to line thickness input

25/10/23

- Added tests to ensure registration handles errors appropriately
- Improved auth.js error handling to send error messages back to client

26/10/23

- Added tests to ensure login handle errors appropriately
- Login tests are all passed

27/10/23

- Created canvas tests to ensure states update on mouseEvent
